Fully Revise docs with latest API for 1.2.0 (#22)
wisp-forest/docs: docs/accessories/general/adjusting_slot_amount.md

---
title: Adjusting Slot Amount
project: accessories
---

# Slot Adjustments Methods

> Slots were designed with the potential for the given slot amount to be changeable if desired. Such can be accomplished with either using the above data format, the various `operation` type's to adjust such, or by using the other methods provided.

Author: Idk what it is being vague about as it just attempts to explain this section as methods for changing slot amount.

## Attribute Modifier

> Accessories adds a system for adjusting a specific Slot types amount of slots given to the entity who equips the Accessory. Such can be done either though a programmatic or the Data Component way.

Reviewer: "types" -> "type's"

		map.put("ring", new AttributeModifier(RING_ATTRIBUTE_LOCATION, 100, AttributeModifier.Operation.ADDITION));

		reference.capability().removeSlotModifiers(map);
	}
	//...
}
```

Another Programmatic method of such is by adjusting the slots Dynamic Modifiers instead of adding to entity on equipping of the accessory:

```java
public class HatIncreaser implements Accessory {
	private static final ResourceLocation HAT_ATTRIBUTE_LOCATION = ResourceLocation.fromNamespaceAndPath("test", "additional_hats")

	//...
	@Override
	public void getDynamicModifiers(ItemStack stack, SlotReference reference, AccessoryAttributeBuilder builder){
		// Exclusive Refers to only one instance of the modifier is allowed 
        builder.addExclusive(SlotAttribute.getSlotAttribute("hat"), HAT_ATTRIBUTE_LOCATION, 4, AttributeModifier.Operation.ADDITION);

		// Stackable Refers to any amount of the given modifier is allowed (Preappends Slot Info like the type and index to the location)
        builder.addStackable(SlotAttribute.getSlotAttribute("hat"), HAT_ATTRIBUTE_LOCATION, 4, AttributeModifier.Operation.ADDITION);
    }
	//...
}
```

### Data Component

> As outlined within the {insert link to itemstack components} you can add a Data component to a given ItemStack to adjust the amount when equipped

Reviewer 2: This placeholder needs to be filled.
Additionally, I suggest specifying the attribute that increases slot amounts here

```suggestion
As outlined within the {insert link to itemstack components} you can add a component to a given ItemStack to adjust the amount of equippable slots *when equipped*. This works through the XYZ attribute. 
```

Author: Balls I meant to add a WIP to easily find these but forgot about this one I guess
